FINI-646: Creating a UIKit for reusable shapes (#1)
Lombiq/Orchard-UIKit: Readme.md

# Lombiq UIKit for Orchard Core

## About

> This module contains reusable shapes like text editors, custom style checkboxes, dropdown editors, and in the future potentially more 

Reviewer: A Gulp Extensions és NPM Targets dependency-t meg kellene említeni.

> complex editors.

Reviewer: MD fájlokban nem kell tördelni, mert ott működik a word wrap.

## Documentation

Add the module to your solution and enable `Lombiq UIKit - Showcase page` feature if you want to check out the 
currently available shapes. You can see them at `~/UIKitShowCase` after the feature is enabled. The example code for using 

> these shapes can be seen at *[Views/ShowCase/ShowCase.cshtml](Views/ShowCase/ShowCase.cshtml)*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the module to your solution and enable the `Lombiq UIKit - Showcase page` feature if you want to check out the currently available shapes. You can see them under `~/UIKitShowCase` after the feature is enabled. The example code for using these shapes can be seen in *[Views/ShowCase/ShowCase.cshtml](Views/ShowCase/ShowCase.cshtml)*.
```

Reviewer: Kimaradt.

This module contains only those stylings which are needed for these shapes to work.

### Custom class and id

For your own styling you can override the default class stylings, or you can create a new class and add it to the shape block
via the `BlockClassName` parameter.

If it is needed to add an Id for the container block, then you can do that with the `BlockId` parameter.

> ## Contributing and support

Reviewer: `##` előtt két sortörés kellene.

Reviewer: Kimaradt.

## About

This module contains reusable shapes like text editors, custom style checkboxes, dropdown editors, and in the future potentially more complex editors.

## Documentation

Add the module to your solution and enable `Lombiq UIKit - Showcase page` feature if you want to check out the currently available shapes. You can see them at `~/UIKitShowCase` after the feature is enabled. The example code for using 
these shapes can be seen at *[Views/ShowCase/ShowCase.cshtml](Views/ShowCase/ShowCase.cshtml)*.

This module contains only those stylings which are needed for these shapes to work.

### Custom class and id

For your own styling you can override the default class stylings, or you can create a new class and add it to the shape blockvia the `BlockClassName` parameter.

If it is needed to add an Id for the container block, then you can do that with the `BlockId` parameter.

## Dependencies
- NPM Targets

> - Gulp

Reviewer: Ebből vajon kiderül valakinek, hogy mit kell installálnia :)? Linkek segítenének, ahogy az is, hogy ha nem "Gulp"-ról lenne szó, hanem Gulp Extensionsről.
